Cleanup Knative install versions page (#1984)
knative/docs: docs/install/check-install-version.md

type: "docs"
---

To obtain the version of the Knative component that you have running on your cluster, you query for the 
`[component].knative.dev/release` label with the following commands:

* Knative Serving
   ```bash
   kubectl get namespace knative-serving -o 'go-template={{index .metadata.labels
   "serving.knative.dev/release"}}'
   ```

* Knative Eventing
   ```bash
   kubectl get namespace knative-eventing -o 'go-template={{index .metadata.labels
   "eventing.knative.dev/release"}}'
   ```

## Older versions

Early versions of Knative Eventing and Serving do not have release version
labels on those components. Release labels were added in the following releases:

* Knative Serving 0.4.0
* Knative Eventing 0.7.0

If you have an earlier version that excludes release labels, you must obtain the
version from the container images of your Knative controllers:

> 1. Query your Knative Controller to receive a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Query your Knative Controller to receive the `Image` URL. For example, you can run `kubectl describe deploy controller --namespace knative-serving` or `kubectl describe deploy eventing-controller --namespace knative-eventing`
```

Reviewer: I did a quick edit. 
Also, Im okay with leaving this out too if you feel strongly about expecting nobody to need those details. 
Otherwise this looks great! Thanks @dgerd (LMK and ill merge)

Author: I like the edit. Lets leave them in few a little while longer, but we should consider removing this section after a few more releases.
